# Credit Risk Classification
   
   Supervised Machine Learning



## Analysis Overview

Identify the loan risk of borrowers from a dataset of historical lending activity from a peer-to-peer lending services company with a Machine Learning Model 

### Dataset
The dataset provides the following historical lending activity data:

           loan_size
           interest_rate
           borrower_income
           debt_to_income
           num_of_accounts
           derogatory_marks
           total_debt
           loan_status
           
The values in the "Loan Status" column indicates if the loan is healthy or at risk of a defaulting          
          
           0 = healthy loan
           1 = high-risk loan              

* Create Label/s set and Features dataset

     * Labels:
                 y = "loan status" column        
     * Features:
                 X = remaining columns

* Split the Data into Training and Testing datasets    
     
### Logistic Regression Model

* Fit logistic regression model using training data
* Save predictions for testing data labels
* Evaluate Model Performance:
             *Confusion Matrix
             *Classification Report

## Results

Using bulleted lists, describe the balanced accuracy scores and the precision and recall scores of all machine learning models.

* Machine Learning Model 1:
  * Description of Model 1 Accuracy, Precision, and Recall scores.


* Machine Learning Model 2:
  * Description of Model 2 Accuracy, Precision, and Recall scores.

## Summary

Summarise the results of the machine learning models, and include a recommendation on the model to use, if any. For example:
* Which one seems to perform best? How do you know it performs best?
* Does performance depend on the problem we are trying to solve? (For example, is it more important to predict the `1`'s, or predict the `0`'s? )

If you do not recommend any of the models, please justify your reasoning.

---
### References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

